Joe Biden former vice presidents and
Barack Obama's token white friend Joe
Biden like most old people wasn't always
old in fact when he started his
political career he was the fresh-faced
Biden Senate career began with him as
the fifth youngest senator ever elected
at 29 in 1972 he served in the Senate
for three decades
Biden's early years in the Senate saw
seismic political change the impeachment
of Richard Nixon Biden never moved to
Washington choosing instead to commute
home by train each night he has a
nickname of Amtrak Joe I take this train
literally I take it over 7400 times
since I gotta say my people don't just
love Joe Biden because he's a
down-to-earth everyday man no people
love him because he's an adorable
goofball in fact the only thing that
spends more time in Biden's mouth and
those perfect teeth is his own foot
his biggest possible weakness his
reputation for verbal gaps as Barack
says a three-letter word jobs J OB
s John you cannot go to a 7-eleven
Dunkin Donuts unless you have a slight
Indian accent his mama lived in in Long
Island for 10 years or so god rest her
soul and although she's God bless her
soul he said this to a politician in a
wheelchair
stand up shop let him see you Oh God
love you what am I talking about I tell
you what you're making everybody else
stand up Oh pal thank you very very much
I tell you what stand up for Chuck
that's right let's so let's show Chuck
what he's missing everyone else stand up
let's rub it in this guy's got no hands
how about a round of applause come on
come on
you know you know in a weird way I feel
like these gaps are what made Biden the
perfect balance to President Obama you
know cuz Obama measured every work like
you you could fail him thinking as he
was a talking but when Biden talks his
brain just clicks I'm feeling lucky and
the first result comes out of his mouth
that's it now Biden didn't just spend 50
years in Washington going viral
the man has also had some major
accomplishments Biden would enter the
race as a foreign policy heavyweight in
the Senate he chaired the Foreign
Relations Committee 26 years ago ad in
senator Biden wrote the Violence Against
Women Act he was a key player on guns in
the in the 90s with the Brady Bill in
the assault weapons ban Biden forced the
president's hand on the gay marriage
issue endorsing same-sex unions before
the president's plan the notes Minh
Biden has been involved in issues that
matter to Democrats gun control women's
rights gay marriage he was even one of
the first to support trans rights
although he probably thought he were
supporting trains but that's still very
impressive but anyone who's been around
that long he's also gonna have some
baggage and Biden oh man he's got enough
baggage to fill a hole Amtrak car Biden
is already explaining a decade's long
record including his role in passing the
now controversial 1994 crime bill his
vote for the Iraq war skepticism of
Anita Hill and Pat
comments on bussing to desegregate
schools oh okay
so on the downside joe biden got a lot
of things wrong back in the day but on
the upside he managed to grow his hair
back look at that huh this guy has the
benjamin button of scalps
now despite some problematic positions
in his past many are saying that
democrats are still likely to vote for
joe biden partly because of how
progressive he's become and partly
because of how good he is at getting
under trump's skin the press always
asked me don't i wish our debate e-news
no I wish were in high school I could
take it behind the gym did you see where
Biden wants to take me to the back of
the barn me we want I'd love that I'd
love that
mr. tough guy but if we were in high
school I'd take him behind the gym and
beat the hell out of them
go like this he's down and he'll never
get up old man fights oh oh bad fight
this would be get Marius so will Joe
Biden be the Democrat who gets to take
on Trump well we'll have to wait and see
but I'll be honest part of me hopes that
it does happen just so that we get to
watch the most entertaining debates of
all time sleepy Joe Biden speak softly
and carry a big stick
go like this
he's down and they'll never get up Joe
Biden has come out for a very large
federal gun buyback program and an
assault weapons ban to gun owners out
there who say well a by an
administration means they're gonna come
for my guns bingo you're right if you
have an assault weapon the fact of the
matter is they should be illegal period
yeah
Joe Biden
that's a bold statement normally
Democrats renounce the question they
like it's not a ban and we're not gonna
come for the guns we're not gonna burn
it but Biden's like bingo I see her ass
at midnight Joe Biden has surged to a
huge lead in the Democratic Party and in
second place is Bernie Sanders combined
aged 642 it almost seems like they
pulled that move senior citizens do with
it just cut to the front of the line
everyone's too polite to say anything
you know it's like let him cut it might
be his last meal ever let him go let him
go but I do find it interesting that
Biden has especially strong support
among black women it helped me
understand why are so many black women
leading toward Joe Biden listen don't
get me wrong
younger black women will probably go
with Elizabeth Warren but for older
black women they're gonna go abide him
because if Biden becomes president that
Obama is back in the White House
[Applause]
but that's not true Obama can't be
presidents again if Joe Biden wins he's
gonna invite Obama over for dinner and
where's dinner the White House but it's
all we got
okay fine so maybe that explains black
women's support but what's interesting
to me Dulce is that Democrats overall
seem to be going with Biden which which
is strange like considering how diverse
and fresh most of the other candidates
are of course yeah this this is just a
simple case the familiar dick familiar
dick yeah listen y'all know what I'm
talking about okay there's that one dude
you've been hooking up with for years
right and sometimes you try someone
different but you always go back to him
that's the mill you're dead
listen you know how well it does what it
does I mean sure he's 37 ourselves drugs
or a child right what if the dick you
know okay so if I understand what you're
saying you're saying Joe Biden's
politics is the familiar penis that the
Democrats wish to return to now you're
getting it double dick the second night
of the democratic debates ended just
moments ago I don't know if it was
swallow but the shocks could just smell
blood in the water all I know is Biden
had a target on his back
I was six years old when a presidential
candidate came to the California
Democratic convention and said it's time
to pass the torch to a new generation of
Americans that candidate was
then-senator Joe Biden Joe Biden was
right when he said it was time to pass
the torch to a new generation of
Americans 32 years ago he's still right
we're gonna solve the issues of
automation satori we're going to solve
the issues of climate chaos pass the
torch if we're going to solve the issue
of student loan debt pass the torch if
we're gonna end gun violence for
families who are fearful of sending
their kids to school pass the torch vice
president would you like to sing a tour
I'm still home out of that torch
that's right Biden is not letting go of
that torch even though that torch is
really uncomfortable and told Biden that
it does not like the way that he's
holding on to it he is holding on to
that car next up came immigration right
the candidates told the audience how
they planned to undo the policies
enacted by Trump normal kids in cages
increased legal immigration give
everyone free ladders to climb over the
wall but when it came to Joe Biden the
moderator was more interested in hearing
his opinions on President Obama's
policies you serve as vice president in
an administration that deported 3
million people the most ever in US
history I referred to say tonight that
you and President Obama made a mistake
about the poor tations why should
Latinos trust you this is the president
came along with the daca program no one
had ever done that before
mr. president Senate legislation to desk
saying he wants to find a pathway for
the 11 million undocumented in the
United States America you didn't answer
the question and you make no did you
make a mistake with those deportations
the president did the best thing that
was able to be done it's about you I'm
the vice president United States oh I
was not a good look for Biden because
this always happens right when Obama is
being praised Biden jumps into the
picture with him but then when Obama is
being criticized buttons like look man I
was the vice president I didn't do shit
right Burton Dungy shit Donald Trump has
become good friends with Mexico and he's
BFF with little Kim but there's one feud
the president is not willing to end and
it's with America's greatest enemy
sleepy Joe well I heard fightin who's a
loser I mean look Joe never got more
than 1%
except Obama took him off the trash heap
and now it looks like he's failing he
looks different than he used to he acts
different than he used to
he's even slower than he used to be I'd
rather run against I think Biden than
anybody I think he's the weakest
mentally and I like running against
people that are weak mentally I think
Joe is the weakest up here really Donald
you want to compete with the mentally
weak loser well then maybe you should
hold a debate with the mirror
now it's no coincidence that a trump is
going off to the form of VP right ever
since the polls came out showing Biden
beating Trump all over the country Trump
is aimed all of his attacks directly at
his number-one threat and Joe Biden is
loving it because it's setting him up as
the presumptive nominee which is why
yesterday in Iowa he delivered a
40-minute speech that was all about
Trump I don't think the president really
gets the gets the basics he thinks these
tariffs are being paid by China just
like you think Mexico's billing away he
thinks windmills cost cancer now look
you think I'm making this up I know
quote I have complete power no you don't
Donald Trump
I can fix it fix yourself first Donald
Trump okay that was those weird I feel
like Joe Biden turned black by the end
of that speech only I can't fix it no
fix yourself Donald Trump Mike Pence you
better come get your man
and I'll be honest I don't know if this
was an effective campaign speech that
would convince a swing vote huh what I
do know is Joe Biden just got a brand
new stand-up special deal on HBO I don't
think the president really gets the gets
the basics he thinks these tariffs are
being paid by China just like you think
Mexico's billing away another's
president Trump he denies his climate
change why do you tell Piers Morgan an
interview recently he said well weather
goes both ways
[Music]
[Applause]
and no he thinks windmills cause cancer
now look I think I'm making this up I
know you said those California fires
what they've got to do is rake their
leaves
[Applause]
I'm not joking you're not making this up
let's talk about what is looming over
the Biden household right now and that
is the campaign this is your third time
you know how hard it is you know how
texting it is you know how invasive it
is you know how vitriolic it is going to
be are you are you guys ready for what's
about to happen to your lives well you
know the last two years people have been
coming up to me in the supermarket in
airports wherever I go and saying your
husband has to run your husband has to
run and we we weren't going to run but
then we kept hearing this you know this
sort of rhythm this role and and so we
started to think about it and then we
called our will we call our family
together we spoke to our children we got
our grandchildren all together and we
said what do you think do you think Pop
should run for president and to a
grandchild
they said pop has to run he has to
change the direction and bring people
together and stop all this vitriol in
this country
[Applause]
[Music]
you